# Files in folder

## README.md
This file

## vscp.h
Main header file for VSCP.

## version.h
Version information for VSCP daemon and friends.

## vscp-class.h and vscp-type.h
Definitions for VSCP classes and types. These files is autogenerated and a copy of it is available in other VSCP repositories like the vscp firmware repository

## vscp-hashclass.h and vscp-hashtype.h
Hash definitions for VSCP classes and types. These files is autogenerated and a copy of it is available in other VSCP repositories like the vscp firmware repository

## vscphelper.cpp and vscphelper.h
Helper functions for VSCP.

## vscp-debug.h
Debugging macros and functions for VSCP.

## vscpremotetcpif.cpp  and vscpremotetcpif.h
Implement the remote TCP/IP link interface for VSCP.

## canal.h
Main header file for CANAL.

## canaldlldef.h
VSCP level I driver definitions.

## level2drvdef.h
VSCP level II driver definitions.

## canal-macro.h
Helper for CANAL drivers.

## canal-xmlconfig.cpp and canal-xmlconfig.h
XML configuration handling for CANAL drivers.

## vscpcanaldeviceif.cpp and vscpcanaldeviceif.h
VSCP CANAL device interface implementation.

## actioncodes.h
Defines action codes for VSCP daemon decision matrix. 

## remotevariablecodes.h
Defines remote variable codes for VSCP daemon decision matrix.

## vscp-serial.h
Serial interface handling definitions for VSCP.

## mdf.cpp and mdf.h
Classes to handle MDF (Module Description/Definition Files) files.                

## vscpd-caps.h
Capabilities definitions for VSCP daemon and other VSCP level II devices.

## automation.cpp and automation.h
Automation related functions and definitions for VSCP.        

## guid.cpp and guid.h                
GUID handling for VSCP. 

## vscpdatetime.cpp and vscpdatetime.h
Date and time handling for VSCP.

## vscpunit.cpp and vscpunit.h
Unit handling for VSCP.

## mqtt.cpp  and mqtt.h
MQTT client implementation for VSCP.


         
## vscplevel2device.cpp  and vscplevel2device.h           
Base class and common functions for VSCP level II devices.

## register.cpp and register.h    
MDF register handling for VSCP level II devices. 

## clientlist.cpp and clientlist.h
Client handling for server interfaces with client handling.

## userlist.cpp and userlist.h
User handling for VSCP level II devices and servers.

## hlo.cpp and hlo.h          
HLO (High Level Object) handling for VSCP.

## vscpmqtt.h
MQTT related definitions for VSCP.

## devitem.h            
Device item definition for VSCP level II devices.
                
## interfacelist.cpp and interfacelist.h                  
Interface list handling for VSCP level II devices and servers.

## VSCP Client related files

Classes that implement client functionality for VSCP for various supported transports and protocols.

### vscp-client-base.cpp and vscp-client-base.h    
Base class and common functions for VSCP clients.

### vscp-client-canal.cpp and vscp-client-canal.h and vscp-client-canal.md 
CANAL client functionality for VSCP.

### vscp-client-socketcan.cpp and vscp-client-socketcan.h
SocketCAN client functionality for VSCP.

### vscp-client-tcp.cpp and vscp-client-tcp.h 
TCP/IP client functionality for VSCP.

### vscp-client-udp.cpp and vscp-client-udp.h
UDP client functionality for VSCP.

### vscp-client-mqtt.cpp and vscp-client-mqtt.h and vscp-client-mqtt.md  
MQTT client functionality for VSCP.

### vscp-client-multicast.cpp and vscp-client-multicast.h
Multicast client functionality for VSCP.

### vscp-client-ws1.cpp and vscp-client-ws1.h
WebSocket client functionality (version 1) for VSCP.

### vscp-client-ws2.cpp  and vscp-client-ws2.h 
WebSocket client functionality (version 2) for VSCP.

### vscp-client-level2.cpp and vscp-client-level2.h and vscp-client-level2.md 
Level 2 client functionality for VSCP.

## Servers implementations

Classes that implement server functionality for VSCP.

### tcpipsrv.cpp andf tcpipsrv.h
TCP/IP server functionality for VSCP.

### udpsrv.cpp and udpsrv.h
UDP server functionality for VSCP.

### multicastsrv.cpp and multicastsrv.h
Multicast server functionality for VSCP.

## Bootdevice related files

Classes used to load firmware into VSCP devices.

### vscp-bootdevice.cpp and vscp-bootdevice.h    
Base class and common functions for VSCP bootloader device support.

### vscp-bootdevice-vscp.cpp and vscp-bootdevice-vscp.h    
VSCP bootloader device support for standard VSCP devices.

### vscp-bootdevice-pic1.cpp and vscp-bootdevice-pic1.h    
VSCP bootloader device support for PIC1 devices. 
